Brailsford: Stop! Stop! Get on the ground! Both of you! Lay down on the ground! Lay down on the ground!
[wait]
Who else is in the room?
Daniel: Nobody
Brailsford: Nobody else is in the room?
Daniel: Nobody
Brailsford: Are you positive?
Daniel: Nobody absolutely positive
Brailsford: OK. Apparently, we have a failure for you to comprehend simple instructions. I've got to go over some of them again. OK, can you both hear and understand me?
Woman: yes
Brailsford: If you make a mistake, another mistake, there's a very severe possibility you're both going to get shot. Do you understand that?
Daniel: Yes
Daniel: What the-
Brailsford: Shut up! I'm not here to be tactful or diplomatic with you. You listen, you obey
Daniel: [crosses arms]
Brailsford: For one thing, did I tell you to move, young man?
Daniel: [puts hands back out] No sir no sir no sir
Brailsford: Put both of your hands on top of your head and interlace your fingers. Take your feet and cross your left foot over your right foot. Who else is in the room?
Daniel: Nobody
Brailsford: Alright. Are you both drunk?
Daniel: No
Woman: No
Brailsford: Alright. So you're not going to have any problems understanding anything that I tell you, right?
Daniel: Correct
Woman: Yes
Woman: Can I go to my room?
Brailsford: No, you're not going to do anything but come towards us. Young man, you are not to move. You are to put your eyes down and look down at the carpet. You are to keep your fingers interlaced behind your head. You are to keep your feet crossed. If you move, we're going to consider that a threat, and we are going to deal with it, and you may not survive. Do you understand me?
Daniel: Yes sir
Brailsford: Young lady, shut up and listen. Alright. You are to keep your feet crossed. Take both of your hands and put them flat in front of you. You are to push yourself up to a kneeling position. Kneeling position. Now, put both your hands in the air and crawl towards us. Stop!
Young man, listen to my instructions and do not make a mistake! You are to keep your legs crossed! Do you understand me?
Daniel: Yes sir
Brailsford: You are to put both of your hands palms down straight out in front of you. Push yourself up to a kneeling position. I SAID KEEP YOUR LEGS CROSSED
Daniel: I'm sorry
Brailsford: I didn't say this a conversation. PUT YOUR HANDS UP IN THE AIR! HANDS UP IN THE AIR! You do that again we're shooting you! Do you understand?
Daniel: Please do not shoot me
Brailsford: Then listen to my instructions!
Daniel: I'm trying to-
Brailsford: DON'T TALK! LISTEN! Hands straight up in the air! Do not put your hands down for any reason! If you think you're going to fall, you'd better fall on your face. If your hands go back to the small of your back, we are going to shoot you! Do you understand me?
Daniel: Yes sir [sobbing]
Brailsford: Crawl towards me! CRAWL TOWARDS ME
Daniel: Yes sir [sobbing]
Langsley: Don't
Brailsford: [shoots Daniel five times]
